The fascists in the federal government think you’re a TERRORIST if you do not bow down to their authority.
No seriously. They are spending YOUR tax dollars to “investigate and disrupt” any groups that want to have their own opinions. Have you ever seen Minority Report (tl;dr if not: they use an “oracle” to seek crime out before it happens… chaos ensues when someone is wrongly predicted to have done a crime because of course that happens)? That is literally what they are saying they want to do. “The United States requires a national strategy to investigate and disrupt networks, entities, and organizations that foment political violence so that law enforcement can intervene in criminal conspiracies before they result in violent political acts” Source. That’s right, if you ever dare to say anything that they think is “anti-American, anti-Christian, anti-capitalist, [or] hostile toward traditional views on family, religion, or morality” they will come for you. But what does that even mean?! Who the hell knows. Whatever Kash Patel and the FBI wants it to mean, I guess.

And how will they know if you say such devilish things? Well, let me tell you about a fun company called Palantir. Yeah, Peter Thiel and his silicon valley buddies thought they were slick and named their company after the all-seeing eye from Lord of the Rings. You know the thing that the literal GOD OF DARKNESS uses to spy on his enemies? That one. And now, they are getting MILLIONS of dollars from the federal government to create AI that will track your every move, online and offline, so they can make sure you don’t speak up. A bunch of 23 year olds with god complexes and $250,000 salaries are going to have access to everything you and your loved ones do or say, and are going to let an AI robot decide if it qualifies as thought crime. I promise I’m not exaggerating. And if that lovely little machine flags your joke, who knows, maybe you’ll be on the next flight to El Salvador.

Now look, I know this can be scary — and it really is. But we can still stand up against it. We do not need to accept the administration’s every choice to destroy our civil liberties so they can add another 0 to their bank account through the pyramid scheme they call “private equity.” If you want to fight back, reach out to me at antifasc_nash@proton.me
